Hello.
I think it's a very important thing to learn.
I think it's a very important thing.
This is a book that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name that gives us a name
Two who understand and hide in guys.
Two who understand and hide in her.
Amen.
And kinder, yeah, there's in priestess and there's in kinder.
So the hamshan, so I think he heard that he was in, as well as the people in the hamshan ham, there's a feeling for she didn't know how sang and he didn't know that he was in, as kinder, there's not for regardless, as he's in, as Kristin, in effect, or as mentioned he got foreign, to feel it on the island and feel
I think we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that we have to understand that
I think it isn't really a guarantee.
I think it's a very important thing.
And then there is a round of insects.
And this is a Mongolian man, when we are English-trenders, we are doing this in the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning.
But this is the first time that we have to do it.
We have to do it.
It's the first time we've ever seen Nafforger.
We've seen Nafforger Izu, Nafforger Christi.
We've seen Nafforger Christi.
When it's been a full spell, it's a full spell.
And it's a full spell.
As he is standing on the roof of the Bible, he is a hinging gang.
And to Johannes, to Zusan and Bruda, to Jacobus, to Petros, to Matthias, to the roof of the Bible, to turn on the earth, to a hinging.
And he is like, come, forgive me a naphve.
And to avoid naphveve of the Bible, I am not going to do it.
I am not going to do it.
So when it's not forgotten, it's not forgotten.
When it's forgotten, it's not forgotten.
So when it's forgotten, it's not forgotten.
We each labor, yeah?
It's got many pieces of tower from Tunisia.
Our man Khan, Gloria Bigson, under my own head, like Nick Dreyke, he's not focused on garbage.
By the speed of the addition of the end, first of all, we have a number of houses, and we have an end with a two-shaft deck, and we have a mooring in the way, and we have a lot of houses, and we have a lot of vistas, and we have a lot of vistas in the world.
And it was to end in the memory of the first language, the first language in the memory of the first language.
And the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language in the memory of the first language
I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's
In fact, to the new year, we have a new year for the new year.
We have a new year for the new year.
We have a new year for
This is the story of a Christian Christian.
It is the story of a Christian Christian and a Christian Christian.
This is the story of a Christian Christian Christian.
This is the story of a Christian Christian.
This is the story of a Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian
It's within the people of Speth of Heaven.
Namely, as Petros, her own life, we have a lot of people who are interested in this, who are interested in this, who are interested in this, who are interested in this, who are interested in this, and who are interested in this, and who are interested in this.
I think it's a very interesting thing.
It's a very interesting thing.
So, we have here two minutes ambition, and in this, we have a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer, and a lawyer.
The problem is that we can't do it in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world.
So, I'm going to take a look at this.
I'm going to take a look at this.
So to speak, I am very happy that I am very happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy
It's not that many people live in the world live in the world, but it's not that many people live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in the world live in
It's a little bit different, but it's a little bit different.
It's a little bit different.
Not only have you been here in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in
often it's just that if you feel that if you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you feel that you
in the middle of the day, there are many people in the middle of the day.
In the middle of the day, there are many people in the middle of the day.
There are many people in the middle of the day.
I think it's a very important thing.
We have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that we have seen that
That's how we fought.
We fought against the flag.
I think it's a little bit different.
As a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who
I think that's why I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that I think that
The honor of the Catholic Communist is that he has been brought to the Jewish branch, and the name is merely said.
He is a very good man.
The first thing I want to know about this is that it is a very important thing.
This is the first time I've ever seen before.
It is the first time I've ever seen.
This is the first time I've ever seen.
And that's what I want to say.
Let's talk about this in kinder.
This in kinder, from an English and father, they are enslaved.
And then if you give this as kinder, then if you give this as kinder, then if you give this as kinder, then you give this as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give it as kinder, then you give
in the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world
I think that's why I'm here.
It's a lot of fun.
As I mentioned earlier, it was quite sophisticated.
It was the issue of meeting them quite.
I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking, I was thinking,
It had in a nickname, it was in Canada, I don't know how to pronounce it, it was in the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name.
So I'm going to ask you a little bit more about this.
I'm going to ask you a little bit more about this.
This is what we have to do with our own hands.
We have to do it with our hands.
But as the world has come, the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world has come and the world
In the last few years, there was an off-traggery, which was not an off-traggery.
It was an off-traggery.
This is different from what the air is on the ground.
The air is on the ground.
It was a very difficult game, and it was a very difficult game.
I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm sure if I'm
The first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about is the first thing I want to talk about
and we are going to be able to make a difference in the game.
We are going to be able to make a difference in the game.
We are going to make a difference in the game.
Thank you very much.
The answer is that it's not so late when it's too late.
The answer is that it's not so late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late when it's too late
It's like a man and a child who has been here for a long time.
It's like a man who has been here for a long time.
I think it's a very important thing.
I think it's a very difficult thing.
For long as he saves, he will be able to give him a hug.
And he will be able to give him a hug.
The air is pouring on the field in the western world.
The air is pouring.
What would Jesus do?
When he can laugh for the Christians, and when him laugh for him will be doth, thus, in the end, as if it was his own man's labes, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her, when it's his or her
I'm not sure if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's not a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word, or if it's a word,
In the end of the day, there is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man.
I think it's a very important thing.
When I was born, I was born in the middle of the war.
I was born in the middle of the war.
And now it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time ago, and it's been a long time
So, this is the school of English.
This is the school of English.
So, when we are talking about the name of Jesus and the union's act,
The same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same, the same,
I think it's very important to be able to feel it in the United States.
I think it's important to be able to return to the United States.
I think it's important to be able to feel it in the United States.
I think it's important to be able to feel it in the United States, in the United States, in the United States.
The dimensions that you have got concentrated on is that you have to look at what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at and what you have to look at
Hest, biddiesus que fráct vásta scoroste gebotis.
Vástis tás vístík zeg gebot, tás eich heiten canundí.
This is antiquated, dissolved in hand, and then got Liben.
From Gansim Hertzen, with Gansa Zeile, amid Aydan and Gedanken, tás estas aeste und vístík zeg gebot.
And Vátres est que naus o vístík, Liben and Nästen vístíst.
I think it's a very important thing to think about.
Yeah?
When the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest.
I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm not sure
And here is many nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
When he was a little old, he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old, and he was a little old,
We have to say that we are going to leave.
We are going to leave.
We mustn't argue in the undrancedate again.
The undrancedate again.
In the last few years, there was a war between the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of the two of
I am a person in the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
When he was born in Greece, he was born in Greece.
He was born in Greece.
Yeah, so in plan, we're going to be able to build a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version of a new version.
And that's why we're here today.
We're going to talk about what we're going to do.
We're going to talk about what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and what we're going to do and
Amen.
God is, and not for a christy, he hoard.
Jesus acted too in and has his mu'hannes arthwest fain fiertish.
When God, I, a fatter, wear a wooded image limb.
But if he forgot to, I should come and bend.
If he knit here, well, he saves towards it.
Son, an heir, hat, mich gesant.
Jesus, by here, by laden wind, is fatter, skittan, hat.
In the name of this song, this is a song that has a lot of fun and fun.
This song is a song that has a lot of fun.
This song has a lot of fun.
I'm not the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one who is the only one
When he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born, when he was born
But the flag is done to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world to the world.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know what to say.
When I was in the spring, I was in the spring.
It was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me, it was for me
As a Zogelabte had visited in Fatah, Gefan had discovered that when Jesus was in Lishwierd, the name of Sainen Kavakta and the man in Chairung, in the end, was a widow speaking.
The name of Fatah, Gefan, was a man.
The name of Fatah, Gefan, was a man, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gefan, Gef
It's very important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it's
important to understand that it's important to understand that it's important to understand that it
I think it's a very important thing.
It's a very important thing.
It's an unfunctional exact.
The hair keeps on the surface of the brush.
The brush doesn't look like this.
Right here in the command, they have to play it in the distance of what God is asking, Abba, because it's so good to send us in an attack, that we have to be able to do this, that we have to do this, that we have to do this, that we have to be able to do this, that we have to be able to do this, that we have to be able to do this, that we have to be able to do this.
Bloibig van un kristen van un un un skifraaktäm vassisten einhenge de ville gortes abbe hab kine mögich kätke habtsen wad tule isen un seinhen villeen daras harasu töfinn.
Shtemeh rästimich rekich wad töank ises nich tö.
Leite nüttst diesen zig.
Named eire bieben austen rege ein harasu un fangt andas wad gortesen eire mille mäntöwinn.
Yeah, it is good and a predict to her.
Her at least half, I predict none to her.
And by this vishtik, Zeba, that's what God is in the hand to name it.
It is vishtik, he had to get on tiktik for the mid-tuber-shifting as Noah Annmar in the vorgen and a predict.
That's kan, mier, pazun, nich bishtik, un bedoretten, mier, Zeba, di beeba, her name, and to harse, und as wartkortes, leisen, und as wartkortes, veniches, leis,
It's a very important thing.
L'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e, v'Oit'e,
and what we are seeing.
In the past, we had a chance to be here in the last year.
In the last year, we had a chance to be here.
It was the end of the hymnal of Gefane, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one, which was a new one,
and the craft is highly engaged.
On the end, since we have been together with the UNI, we have been together with the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UNI and the UN
not based on the connection that I was with.
The fact that having a guest is common, having a guest in most terms is a craft game.
It's not a craft game.
It's not a craft.
Yeah, it's very good to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
In the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end,
Only the craft is having us.
This can't even finish Naforgas and sovians they had it to be roofing it.
On the street, there was Naforgas, Naforgas, Broughton, Sich, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse, Gengse,
This is the first time I've ever seen.
I've never seen it before.
of the first time I was born in the middle of my life.
I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time I was born in the first time
So, it's not that we have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I think it's a very important thing.
Nicht, this is Kibweide here, yeah?
It was Nicht, we offered this saga, it's actually a smile of a guy who was in the paddock gate, where we were some hats and licked us with a stain.
The commander is Nicht and Haus.
The
The flag is, the flag of the war, and the active one, they have to know that it's a good thing, and they all show the main effect.
When they came in, there was a lot of people who didn't know what they were saying.
They didn't know what they were saying.
When this thing came, when this was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached, when it was reached
for a game that has, has not forgotten the times where the eye of them is even big.
On this wing, it seems to be a roof meant to some end to gain.
Like, we have broken ananda.
We have broken ananda.
It's been through the Zechan kind, God has been.
It's been so full that the Hamich al-Oski roofing had us, then, break under the veil.
On the Zechan hand, Jesus, as men and writer, came and learned to have the Zechan a bit too, too far to have it.
And that's why we've got the aid in tax, so dang, but we've got to be able to achieve the Zechan mares, and be able to do the Zechan kind.
It's really a knack for the Christian design.
It's really a man's hand.
They are all straight on the imnarch for it.
That's true.
It was a tune we were there here.
On the Zechan hand,
In the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, in the
I'm not sure if it's true, but I'm not sure if it's true.
I'm not sure if it's true, but I'm not sure.
I think that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the
I would like to thank you for joining us today.
I thank you very much for joining us today.
in the Nandan woman's harem zayn.
Last one's saying, we wish to exist as we unskeying, sedition, tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush tush.